Essay Writing Competition – Mere Sapno ka Shahar  - Jabalpur
Proud Citizens of Jabalpur are invited to participate in Essay Writing Competition for Smart City Jabalpur as a part of citizen engagement process. 
Residents are requested to write an essay on theme “Mere Sapno Ka Shahar – Jabalpur” in maximum 1000 words in English or Hindi. The essay may highlight on following areas:
•	What is your Idea of an ideal Smart City
•	Where do you think Jabalpur stands today in terms of being a Smart City? Highlights the top priority areas that need immediate attention.
•	What are your ideas for making Jabalpur a Smart City. Why do you think these ideas are necessary for the city.
•	Smart ways in which your above mentioned ideas can be implemented.
The Competition is open for Two Categories:
1) Students
2) Open Category
?	For Students
a) 1st Prize (One) – Cash Incentive of Rs. 5000 /- (Five Thousand only)
b) 2nd Prize (One) – Cash Incentive of Rs.3000 /- (Three Thousand only)
c) 3rd Prize (One) – Cash Incentive of Rs.  2000 /- (Two Thousand only)
?	Open Category
a) 1st Prize (One) – Cash Incentive of Rs. 25000 /- (Twenty five Thousand only)
b) 2nd Prize (One) – Cash Incentive of Rs.20000 /- (Twenty Thousand only)
c) 3rd Prize (One) – Cash Incentive of Rs. 15000 /- (Fifteen Thousand only)
The Inputs received from these Essays can be used to develop the city’s vision, Sub Goals and the list of Citizen driven solution
The Essay is to be submitted by attaching PDF file online only at www.mygov.in/task. Please mention Your Name, Address and Contact Number on top of your entry. Students shall mention the name of School/ College and Class. Last date of submission is 15th October, 2015.

Terms and Conditions

1.	The winner shall be chosen on the basis of originality of ideas, Innovativeness and Creativity
2.	Entry is limited to one per person. Only individual entries will be accepted. Team entries will not be accepted.
3.	The decision of JMC (Jabalpur Municipal Corporation) for selecting the winner shall be treated as final.
4.	JMC reserve the right to present no prizes or commendations or to reduce the number of prizes and commendations if an insufficient number of deserving essays is received.

